Moana Make way, make way Moana, it's time you knew The village of Motunui is all you need The dancers are practicing They dance to an ancient song Who needs a new song This old one's all we need This tradition is our mission And Moana, there's so much to do Don't trip on the taro root That's all you need We share everything we make We joke and we weave our baskets The fishermen come back from the sea I wanna see Don't walk away Moana, stay on the ground now Our people will need a chief - And there you are - There you are There comes a day When you're gonna look around And realize happiness is Where you are Consider the coconut - The what - Consider its tree We use each part of the coconut It's all we need We make our nets from the fibers The water is sweet inside We use the leaves to build fires We cook up the meat inside Consider the coconuts The trunks and the leaves The island gives us what we need And no one leaves That's right, we stay We're safe and we're well-provided And when we look to the future There you are You'll be okay In time you'll learn just as I did You must find happiness right where you are I like to dance with the water The undertow and the waves The water is mischievous Ha!

I like how it misbehaves The village may think I'm crazy Or say that I drift too far But once you know what you like Well, there you are You are your father's daughter Stubbornness and pride Mind what he says but remember You may hear a voice inside And if the voice starts to whisper To follow the farthest star Moana, that voice inside is who you are Dad!

I was only looking at the boats.

I wasn't gonna get on 'em.

Come on.

There's something I need to show you.

I've wanted to bring you here from the moment you opened your eyes.

This is a sacred place.

A place of chiefs.

There will come a time...

when you will stand on this peak and place a stone on this mountain.

Like I did.

Like my father did.

And his father, and every chief that has ever been.

And on that day...

when you add your stone...

you will raise this whole island higher.

You are the future of our people, Moana.

And they are not out there.

They are right here.

It's time to be who they need you to be.

- We make our nets from the fibers - We weave our nets from the fibers - The water is sweet inside - A real tasty treat inside - We use the leaves to build fires - We sing these songs in our choirs - To cook up the meat inside - We have mouths to feed inside - The village believes in us - That's right The village believes The island gives us what we need And no one leaves So here I'll stay My home, my people beside me And when I think of tomorrow There we are I'll lead the way I'll have my people to guide me We'll build our future together Where we are 'Cause every path leads ya back to Where you are You can find happiness right Where you are Where you are And every storm, this roof leaks, no matter how many fronds I add.

Fixed!

Not the fronds.

Wind shifted the post.

That's good pork!

I didn't mean...

I wasn't...

What?

They're calling me, so I gotta...

Bye!

You're doing great.

Is it done yet?

So close.

I'm curious about that chicken eating the rock.

He seems to lack the basic intelligence required for pretty much everything.

Should we maybe just cook him?

Sometimes our strengths lie beneath the surface.

Far beneath in some cases.

But I'm sure there's more to Heihei than meets the eye.

It's the harvest.

This morning, I was husking the coconuts and...

Well...

we should clear the diseased trees and we will start a new grove.

There.

Thanks, Moana.

She's doing great.

This suits you.